Update character creation guide (#10)
AttorneyOnline/docs: docs/authoring/characters.md

	- For example, a character with `chat = dgs` will attempt to use the chatbox contained in `misc/dgs/`. 
	- Assuming `chat_font` and `chat_size` are not set, this will also use the custom chatbox's font settings if it has them.
> **TODO:** `misc/` folders have become somewhat more like miniature themes as of 2.8.4, and should have either a section in this guide or their own page. - in1tiate
- `chat_font`: (optional, defaults to either the one specified by `chat` or the one in your theme, in that order) modifies the font your message text will be in. This is clientside, so don't get any ideas about screwing with people by setting it to Comic Sans - you'll only be screwing with yourself!
- `chat_size`: (optional, same defaults as `chat_font`) modifies the size of your message text. Like `chat_font`, this is also clientside.
- `shouts`: (optional, defaults to your theme and is overridden by your character files) modifies the interjections your character will use if they aren't included in your character folder. These are located in `misc/`, just like `chat` - in fact, they often share a folder.

#### `[Emotions]`

> Onward to the `[Emotions]` section. This is where you configure what emotes your character has and how they work. If your character has more than 10 emotes, `firstmode =` will most likely be 10. Or else, they won't display properly as it tells the game client how many emotes will be on the first page.

Author: :wheeze:

> The next section defines the **preanimation**, or the animation played before the character actually starts speaking. If there is none, a placeholder called `-` is typically used. These can be either in the root of the character folder or stored in a subfolder (generally named "anim"). To use a preanimation file from a subfolder, you must prefix the file name with the name of the folder. For example, a preanimation of `anim/deskslam` would correspond to this structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next section defines the **preanimation**, or the animation played before the character actually starts speaking. If there is none, a placeholder called `-` is typically used. Preanimations can be either in the root of the character folder or stored in a subfolder (generally named `anim`). To use a preanimation file from a subfolder, you must prefix the file name with the name of the folder. For example, a preanimation of `anim/deskslam` would correspond to this structure:
```

char.ini
anim/
	young/
		damage.gif
```
  Consider using subfolders if your character has a lot of files.
  

##### `<emote>` (idle and speaking animations)

  

Between the next #'s is the name of the actual animation when the character is idle and speaking, starting with `(a)` and `(b)` in the character folder, respectively. For instance, if your animation is named "cough", then the engine expects your idle animation to be named `(a)cough.gif` on the file system, and your talking animation to be named `(b)cough.gif`.

  

The engine will also scan for other supported file formats, such as `.apng` and `.webp`, as described above.

  

If no animations are found for an emote, the engine will fall back to static emotes. Static emotes don't use `(a)`/`(b)` prefixes - instead, an static emote named `cough` would be expected to be in the file `cough.png`.

> If you're the type who likes to organize, you can also place files in **subfolders**. To use subfolder mode, you simply have to prefix your emotes with a forward slash (`/`). For `(a)`/`(b)` type emotes in subfolder mode, create two folders named `(a)` and `(b)` and place your prefix-less files in the appropriate folders. For example, the emote `/angry` will search for a file named `angry.gif` in `(a)/` and `(b)/` for idle and talking respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're the type who likes to organize, you can also place files in subfolders, though the method is somewhat different from that of preanimations. To use subfolders, you must prefix your emotes with a forward slash (`/`). For `(a)`/`(b)` type emotes in subfolder mode, create two folders named `(a)` and `(b)` and place your prefix-less files in the appropriate folders. For example, the emote `/angry` will search for a file named `angry.gif` in `(a)/` and `(b)/` for idle and talking respectively.
```
funny how you call it "subfolder mode" even though this is just a side effect of garbo tier path concatenation

Author: it's not a bug, it's a feature

As another example, the emote `/def/thinking` will search for a set of files arranged like this:
```
char.ini
(a)/
	def/
		thinking.gif
(b)/	
	def/
		thinking.gif
```
This is a popular way to declutter the root of your character folder.
  

##### `<modifier>`

The modifier value controls pre-animations, sounds, and zooms. The valid inputs here are: 0, 1, 5, and 6.

- `0`: Tells the client to not play the pre-animation or sound effect associated with the emote, Has no effect on `[FrameSFX]` (more on that later)

- `1`: Plays the pre-animation and associated sound.

- `5`: Zoom, in which the foreground desk or witness stand will not be displayed. Additionally, the background is replaced by speed lines. Emotes with `5` will never play pre-animations.

> - `6`: Same as 5, except it will *always* play pre-animations.

Reviewer: same as 5 except it's hecking broken

##### `<deskmod>` (optional)

> Introduced in release 2.6, this boolean value allows an emote to either force the desk/witness stand/overlay to be displayed, or force it to disappear. This takes precedence over all other factors affecting desk visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows an emote to either force the desk/witness stand/overlay to be displayed, or force it to disappear. This takes precedence over all other factors affecting desk visibility.
```

Author: good point, probably making people google "boolean" is a bad idea
